Add small section on migrating from nose to pytest. (#8048)
pytest-dev/pytest: doc/en/nose.rst

  fundamentally incompatible with pytest because they don't support fixtures
  properly since collection and test execution are separated.

> Migrating from Nose to Pytest

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Migrating from nose to pytest
```

pytest is always spelled  with lower-case P, and I believe it's the same case with nose if the docs are any indication:

https://nose.readthedocs.io/en/latest/testing.html

------------------------------

`nose2pytest <https://github.com/pytest-dev/nose2pytest>`_ is a Python script

> and py.test plugin to help convert Nose-based tests into py.test-based tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and pytest plugin to help convert Nose-based tests into pytest-based tests.
```

We've dropped the dot a few years back. 😁
